{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10940\viewh10320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Q1. Where is the northernmost medieval cathedral in the world?\
R1. Nidaros Cathedral in Trondheim: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nidaros_Cathedral \
Win: Julia Brandes\
\
Q2. Which Norwegian mathematician left a trace?\
R2. Selberg: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selberg_trace_formula \
Win: Kristian Holm\
\
Q3. A famous silver medallist in 1908 Summer olympics, football?\
R3. Harald Bohr: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harald_Bohr \
Win: Riccardo Pengo\
\
Q4. Who is the author of the 1981 book \'ab\'a0
\f1\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
M\'f6bius transformations in several dimensions.\'a0\'bb\

\f0\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 R4. Lars Valerian Ahlfors: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lars_Ahlfors \
Win: Anders Sodergren\
\
Q5. Who is the founder of Acta Mathematica?\
R5. G\'f6sta Mittag-Leffler: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%B6sta_Mittag-Leffler\
Win: Julia Brandes + Morten Risager\
\
Q6. In 1889, a woman becomes full professor at Stockholm University. Who is she?\
R6. Sofia Kovalevskaya: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sofya_Kovalevskaya\
Win: Julia Brandes + Luigi Pagano\
\
Q7: During which Nordic Number theory Network Days did we enjoy a cubic cake?\
R7: N^3 Days 3: http://www.n-cube.net/img/n-cubeIII-1.jpg (http://www.n-cube.net/files.html)\
Win: Julia Brandes \
\
Q8: Where is the next Nordic Congress of Mathematicians?\
R8: Aalto: https://ncm28.math.aalto.fi/info \
Win: Kristian Holm\
\
Q9: What is the oldest text in mathematics written in a Scandinavian language?\
R9: Algorismus: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algorismus_(Norse_text) \
Win: Kirsti Biggs\
\
Q10: What is the oldest form of runic alphabet?\
R10: Elder Futhark: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elder_Futhark  \
Win: Ricardo Mernares\
\
\
\
}